Fix screenshot attachment display at Sentry event page (#813)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

- Remove `EnableTargetPlatforms` from plugin settings ([#809](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/809))
- Remove Native SDK build from source in Unreal ([#808](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/808))

### Fixes

> - Fix screenshot attachment display at Sentry event page ([#813](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/813))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Captured screenshots are now displayed correctly on the issues details ([#813](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/813))
```
